Notes:
This FW version for the Laser Level was developed with MPLABX 5.45 and XC8 2.32.
PIC16f676 needs 5.0V to be programmed, it is not enough with the
3.3V which the regulator on PCB provides.
This revised FW lets pulse frequency be continuously adjusted from 9Hz up to 10KHz
in order to use generic pulsed laser receivers.
During my tests I found that horizontal LED has a rather slow turn-on slew rate
and long propagation time. These two characteristics made impossible to reach a
frequency of 10KHz without hardware modifications.
What I did to overcome the propagation delay exhibited by the horiz. laser diode
was to bias this LED with a 50ohm resistor so it really never turns-off completely.
As a side effect now when I select only vertical line with Mode key the Horizontal
LED shines dimly.

Outdoor mode is enabled/disabled by pressing Mode button while powering-up the
Laser Level.

Pulse frequency setting mode is entered by pressing the Lock button while power-up.
While in Pulse Freq. setting mode use Mode and Lock buttons to inc/decrease frequency.
Each time frequency changes lock indicator led flashes.
Horizontal and vertical indicator leds flashes at a frequency related
to the laser pulse frequency (not the same frequency, just a reference)

Frequency setting parameters are stored in non-volatile ten secs after they
were changed. So do not power-off the laser immediately after
finding the desired pulse frequency at which the laser detector responds.

I found that the horiz laser led exhibits long propagation delay, so in order to
achieve 10KHz pulse frequency a 50ohm DC-bias resistor and careful duty cycle control was
needed.
Also a switch was added to increase supply voltage above 3.3V to near 5V bypassing the
voltage regulator with a series of two 1N4937 fast diodes. The diode type was selected for
its close to 0.5V forward drop. This switch extends detection range in case of need at
the expense of much greater power consumption.
